1. Are you working or studying?
Well, currently I am being an English teacher in Thang Long Primary School.
This is my first job and I am loving it so much.
Teaching students are always my favorite thing to do.

2. Where is your hometown?
My hometown is Hanoi but I have live in Ho Chi Minh city for nearly 3 years.
I always miss Hanoi because it is so peaceful.
Besides, there is so many kinds of food in Hanoi and they are so tasty.

3. Do you live a house or a flat?
My family have lived in a flat since 2018.
I am enjoying my life there because all facilities and services is available.
However, it seem to be a little bit small so I hope that we can buys another house in the next years. 

4. Describing one of your friends?
I'm going to tell	about my best friend Lou An.
We first met a few years ago at the local athletics club.
She's not really, but she is very helpful and thoughtful, and she has a really cheerful and outgoing personality.
We have a lot in common, so I guess that's the main reason we became friends.
Of course, we both love sport, especially running and cycling. She exercises for one or hours every day.
We also have similar tastes in and television programmes. She loves romantic comedies, and so I.
She probably watches more sport than I do, though.

5. What do you often do in your leisure time?
To be honest, I often go for a walk along the street, especially in the	morning.
I	really enjoy the time that I don't have to be busy with my work.
While walking outdoor, I always	take abreath and relax myself.
 
6. How long have you lived in your house with your family?
Well, I have lived with my parents since I (1) 	 (be) a little girl. After I (2)
	 (graduate) from high school in my hometown, I (3)	 (move) to
Hanoi to enter my university where I (4)	(live) in a small flat with my older brother.
When was your first flight?
Actually, it (1)	(be) around 12 years ago, when I (2)		 (be) a student in my
secondary school. I (3) 	 (travel) with my family to Thailand. It (4)
	 (be) a memorable trip because while I (5)	(sit) in the airplane, I
(6)	(have) a chance to look out the window and enjoy the beauty of sky. 
